NAME
    Yesh - YACMS: multi-author, secure, modern, flexible, friendly,
    Catalyst-based.

SYNOPSIS
        script/yesh_server.pl

DESCRIPTION
    This is the technical and license doc. Normal end-users will want to
    read Yesh::Manual instead.

TO DO
    Tests.

    Manual complete.

    Move "config->{configured}" to a third config file to separate it from
    direct user interaction?

    Move the entire auto-config to a third config file?

CODE REPOSITORY
    <http://github.com/pangyre/p5-yesh>.

SEE ALSO
    Yesh::Manual, Catalyst.

AUTHOR
    Ashley Pond V · ashley.pond.v@gmail.com · <http://pangyresoft.com>.

LICENSE
    The parts of this library which is Yesh specific is free software. You
    can redistribute and modify it under the same terms as Perl itself.

    Some third party software, e.g. jQuery, may also included in this
    distribution. Please see Yesh::Manual::ThirdParty for more about that.

DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY
    Because this software is licensed free of charge, there is no warranty
    for the software, to the extent permitted by applicable law. Except when
    otherwise stated in writing the copyright holders and other parties
    provide the software "as is" without warranty of any kind, either
    expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied
    warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. The
    entire risk as to the quality and performance of the software is with
    you. Should the software prove defective, you assume the cost of all
    necessary servicing, repair, or correction.

    In no event unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing
    will any copyright holder, or any other party who may modify or
    redistribute the software as permitted by the above license, be liable
    to you for damages, including any general, special, incidental, or
    consequential damages arising out of the use or inability to use the
    software (including but not limited to loss of data or data being
    rendered inaccurate or losses sustained by you or third parties or a
    failure of the software to operate with any other software), even if
    such holder or other party has been advised of the possibility of such
    damages.

